Add ability to choose mesh in plasma density file (#1352)
Hi-PACE/hipace: docs/source/run/parameters.rst

    position :math:`time \cdot c` is rounded up to the nearest `<position>` in the file to get it's
    `<density function>` which is used for that time step.

* ``<plasma name> or plasmas.read_density_from_path`` (`string`) optional (default "")
    Alternative to ``<plasma name>.density(x,y,z)``. Specify the path to an openPMD file that
    contains the plasma density for each location of the simulation. Both Cartesian ``xyz`` and
    Cylidrical geometries ``rz`` with modes are supported, however not all dimensions need to be
    included. The mesh in the file can be chosen with

>     ``<plasma name> or plasmas.read_density_from_path`` (default ``density``) and must contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``<plasma name> or plasmas.density_mesh_name`` (default ``density``) and must contain
```
Also, could you add a doc entry for density_mesh_name?

    a single ``SCALAR`` component. Examples of scripts to gernerete such files can be found in

>     ``tools\write_plasma_density.py`` and ``tools\write_plasma_density_rz.py``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``<plasma name> or plasmas.read_density_from_path`` (`string`) optional (default "")
    Alternative to ``<plasma name>.density(x,y,z)``. Specify the path to an openPMD file that contains the species' number density for each location of the simulation. Both geometries (Cartesian ``xyz`` and Cylindrical ``rz`` + modes)  are supported, however not all dimensions need to be included. The mesh in the file can be chosen with ``<plasma name> or plasmas.density_mesh_name`` (default ``density``) and must contain a single ``SCALAR`` component. Examples of scripts to generate such files can be found in ``tools/write_plasma_density.py`` and ``tools/write_plasma_density_rz.py``.
```
